feat: verify integration aria automation integration (#539)
vmware/power-validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `Invoke-GeneratePrivateKeyAndCsr` cmdlet to generate the private key and certificate signing request (CSR) files using OpenSSL with a common name and additional parameters as necessary..
- Added `Invoke-RequestSignedCertificate` cmdlet to sign off a certificate signing request (CSR) using either the Microsoft Certificate Authority web enrollment service or OpenSSL method.
- Added `Invoke-GenerateChainPem` cmdlet to combine the private key, signed certificate and/or root certificate files into a single PEM file.

> - Added `Get-vRAIntegrationDetailvROPStatus` cmdlet checks Aria Automation for status of vROPS integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `Get-vRAIntegrationDetailvROPStatus` cmdlet checks VMware Aria Automation for the status of the VMware Aria Operations integration.
```
